README.md, before:

Tidbit v2.0
===========
Tidbit is random data generator for Sugar versions 6.5 and later.  By optimizing
the communications with the database, large amounts of data can be inserted
into the system for testing without manual intervention.

Documentation in [the wiki](https://github.com/sugarcrm/Tidbit/wiki)!
------------------
**Please visit [the wiki](https://github.com/sugarcrm/Tidbit/wiki) for detailed documentation on using and configuring Tidbit.**

Requirements
------------
PHP 5.3+
Sugar Already installed (6.5+ versions)

Installation
------------
To install Tidbit, unpack the Tidbit-v###.tar.bz2 file, and place the Tidbit/
directory within your SugarCRM installation (Tidbit Directory need to be created inside SugarCRM Installation folder).

Download composer
```
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
```

Install composer dependencies inside Tidbit directory
```
./composer.phar install
```

The only other requirement of Tidbit is that you have an installed and properly
configured copy of Sugar in the directory above it.

Installation of Vagrant Stack (Example):
------------

1. SSH into vagrant stack you are using via command line.
    ```
    $ vagrant ssh
    ```

2. Navigate to Sugar directory. 
    ```
    $ cd /
    $ cd var/www/html/ (sugar instance).
    ```
    
3. Download zip file from repo (master.zip) into the sugar instance. e.g. /SugarEnt-Full-7.6.0.0/.
    ```
    $ wget (url to zip file)
    ```
    
4. Unzip file (master.zip). Directory created by zip file is called Tidbit-master.
    ```
    $ unzip master.zip
    ```
    
5. Change Directory to /Tidbit e.g., mv /Tidbit-master /Tidbit.
    ```
    $ mv /Tidbit-master /Tidbit
    ```
    
6. Navigate to /Tidbit and follow instructions under usage, below, from within /Tidbit directory.
    ```
    $ cd /Tidbit
    ```
    
7. Install Composer dependencies
    ```
    $ ./composer.phar install
    ```

Usage
-----
**NOTE** **Usage of Tidbit could affect on your _data_ in DB**
Please make sure you have a backup, before running data Generation commands

Tidbit uses a command line interface.  To run it from the Tidbit directory:

    $ php -f install_cli.php

Various options are available to control the number of entries generated.
To view them:

    $ php -f install_cli.php -- -h

Example usages:

    * Clean out existing seed data when generating new data set:
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- -c

    * Insert 500 users:
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- -u 500
      
    * Generate data into csv (mysql is default):
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- --storage csv

    * Obliterate all data when generating new records with 300 users:
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o -u 400
      
    * Generate TeamBasedACL action restrictions for chosen level (check level options in install_config.php)
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o --tba -tba_level full
      
    * Controlling INSERT_BATCH_SIZE (MySQL Support only for now)
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o --insert_batch_size 1000

    * Setting path to SugarCRM installation
      $php -f install_cli.php -- --sugar_path /some/sugar/path

Contributing:
------------
See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how you can contribute changes back into this project.

All Pull Requests should be targeted to "develop" branch and follow PSR2 Code Style Standard
To run quick code check use

    $ ./composer.phar check-style

or call PHP CS directly

    $ ./vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=./ruleset.xml

Commit message:

ABS-900: added custom configs support

README.md, after:

Tidbit v2.0
===========
Tidbit is random data generator for Sugar versions 6.5 and later.  By optimizing
the communications with the database, large amounts of data can be inserted
into the system for testing without manual intervention.

Documentation in [the wiki](https://github.com/sugarcrm/Tidbit/wiki)!
------------------
**Please visit [the wiki](https://github.com/sugarcrm/Tidbit/wiki) for detailed documentation on using and configuring Tidbit.**

Requirements
------------
PHP 5.3+
Sugar Already installed (6.5+ versions)

Installation
------------
To install Tidbit, unpack the Tidbit-v###.tar.bz2 file, and place the Tidbit/
directory within your SugarCRM installation (Tidbit Directory need to be created inside SugarCRM Installation folder).

Download composer
```
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
```

Install composer dependencies inside Tidbit directory
```
./composer.phar install
```

The only other requirement of Tidbit is that you have an installed and properly
configured copy of Sugar in the directory above it.

Installation of Vagrant Stack (Example):
------------

1. SSH into vagrant stack you are using via command line.
    ```
    $ vagrant ssh
    ```

2. Navigate to Sugar directory. 
    ```
    $ cd /
    $ cd var/www/html/ (sugar instance).
    ```
    
3. Download zip file from repo (master.zip) into the sugar instance. e.g. /SugarEnt-Full-7.6.0.0/.
    ```
    $ wget (url to zip file)
    ```
    
4. Unzip file (master.zip). Directory created by zip file is called Tidbit-master.
    ```
    $ unzip master.zip
    ```
    
5. Change Directory to /Tidbit e.g., mv /Tidbit-master /Tidbit.
    ```
    $ mv /Tidbit-master /Tidbit
    ```
    
6. Navigate to /Tidbit and follow instructions under usage, below, from within /Tidbit directory.
    ```
    $ cd /Tidbit
    ```
    
7. Install Composer dependencies
    ```
    $ ./composer.phar install
    ```
    
Configuration
-------------
    Tidbit have default config files in tidbit_root/config/ folder.
    Here:
        - config.php          -- main config file
        - data/*.php          -- customization of filling for separate fields if
                                 bean tables
        - relationships/*.php -- customization of filling for separate fields if
                                 bean relation tables
    Tidbit settings can be fully overrided in tidbit_root/custom/config.php file
    by php arrays in the same manner as in original configs

Usage
-----
**NOTE** **Usage of Tidbit could affect on your _data_ in DB**
Please make sure you have a backup, before running data Generation commands

Tidbit uses a command line interface.  To run it from the Tidbit directory:

    $ php -f install_cli.php

Various options are available to control the number of entries generated.
To view them:

    $ php -f install_cli.php -- -h

Example usages:

    * Clean out existing seed data when generating new data set:
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- -c

    * Insert 500 users:
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- -u 500
      
    * Generate data into csv (mysql is default):
      $ php -f install_cli.php -- --storage csv

    * Obliterate all data when generating new records with 300 users:
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o -u 400
      
    * Generate TeamBasedACL action restrictions for chosen level (check level options in config files)
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o --tba -tba_level full
      
    * Controlling INSERT_BATCH_SIZE (MySQL Support only for now)
      $php -f install_cli.php -- -o --insert_batch_size 1000

    * Setting path to SugarCRM installation
      $php -f install_cli.php -- --sugar_path /some/sugar/path

Contributing:
------------
See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how you can contribute changes back into this project.

All Pull Requests should be targeted to "develop" branch and follow PSR2 Code Style Standard
To run quick code check use

    $ ./composer.phar check-style

or call PHP CS directly

    $ ./vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=./ruleset.xml
